Come, everyone.
Please.
Please, please.
Careful.
Miss, are you all right?
What is this?
Don't touch it.
It smells terrible.
Is this sewage leaking?
It stinks so much.
It really does.
It reeks.
This isn't the smell of sewage.
It's the smell of a corpse.
C-Corpse smell?
A hand! A hand!
Young Master, this...
It's Father.
Manor Lord!
Father!
Father! Miss!
Are you sure this is the Manor Lord?
This ring is the All-Knowing Manor's heirloom.
Only the Manor Lord can wear it.
And these clothes...
Miss made them herself for the Manor Lord's birthday.
The last time we saw the Manor Lord,
he was wearing this very outfit.
Father!
Everyone.
My father once said
the Thousand Secrets Treasure is linked to this riddle.
Thank you.
Now,
I suspect my father's murder
is also inescapably
linked to it.
Where yellow clouds to the ninth heaven rise,
The Court calls a water immortal to appear,
The immortal points to the Book of Endless Life,
Its keeper crosses the river, leaving the mortal sphere.
Did you find anything when examining the body?
Just now, while moving the body,
I did a rough examination.
The deceased
likely died over a month ago.
Pierced through the chest; three fatal strikes.
Furthermore,
the head is missing.
Could the Manor Lord have provoked an enemy?
Is it
a vendetta?
Then we must report this to the officials.
I'll go.
Zhang Shan,
the miasma is too thick tonight.
Even if you've taken the antidote pill,
you may not be able to make it out.
To have this happen during a banquet...
what rotten luck.
Everyone,
I wish to stay with my father.
I was close friends with the Manor Lord.
Young Master,
please let me accompany you.
Missing for a month,
without a single clue found.
The Metropolitan Governor found nothing,
the Dali Temple found nothing.
Yet here at the All-Knowing Banquet,
the body just suddenly appears.
It really is too coincidental.
Don't meddle in this.
Get lost.
Lord Hua,
please sheath your official blade.
I sincerely want to help you investigate the case.
Wax.
First, seal the body in wax inside the statue,
then hoist it up to the roof beam.
Choosing this moment to let it fall...
what exactly is the reason?
Just playing tricks.
Indeed.
Young masters.
May we see your name cards?
What do you want?
What do we want?
I'd say you two don't act like Jianghu folk.
You look more...
like you're from the government.
What if I refuse?
Refuse?
Gentlemen.
Let's talk this over calmly.
I am Du Zhong, a traveling doctor.
And this...
is my apprentice, Ah Kun.
He's had a bad temper since childhood.
Please forgive him, everyone.
So it's the Miracle Doctor Du Zhong!
I've heard so much about you.
Twenty taels, and I'll vouch for you.
Everyone!
I...
have met Du Zhong before.
Two years ago,
I was seriously ill.
Thanks to our Miracle Doctor Du's prescription,
to think I'd meet my benefactor today!
A pleasure, a pleasure.
Saving lives...
is my duty.
Miracle Doctor! Miracle Doctor!
So it is Miracle Doctor Du.
A pleasure, a pleasure.
A pleasure.
Why are you wearing shackles?
You are a criminal.
Ah Kun.
Explain it to them for your master.
It's like this.
My master has been testing a new drug recently.
Unfortunately,
he was poisoned by the rare Netherworld Powder.
Whenever it flares up,
he bites anyone he sees.
Therefore,
he took a pair of shackles
and handcuffed himself.
By the way, Master,
the time is almost up.
You're due for an attack, aren't you?
Divine Physician
An acquaintance! An acquaintance!
Are you crazy?
Sorry, everyone.
I'll take my master back to his room to rest.
Disciple.
Ah Kun.
He's really crazy.
It happened so suddenly.
I know I've offended you, My Lord.
Please be the bigger person and forgive us.
Ye Li.
I don't care what methods you used...
...to make Lord Yin believe you can solve the case.
But I advise you...
...don't try to be too smart.
You can run for a while, but not forever.
A life owed must eventually be paid.
Lord Hua.
I truly want to help you investigate the case.
I don't need it.
The Lord of a martial arts sect goes missing.
Lord Meng, the Metropolitan Governor, investigated personally.
Only to be mysteriously killed.
And I was identified as the killer by the Eunuch Faction.
The Manor Lord's body...
...suddenly appeared at his own manor's banquet.
Lord Hua.
Do you really think all this is a coincidence?
It looks to me like someone did it on purpose.
Lord Nine Thousand Years is with the Empress Dowager's faction.
They have always been at odds with the Crown Prince.
Lord Meng and your Dali Temple...
...are all the Crown Prince's men.
If I really killed Lord Meng...
...wouldn't that old castrated donkey...
...prefer to watch the Crown Prince's humiliation from afar?
Why be in such a rush to sentence me to beheading?
And send a trusted aide to supervise the execution?
And bring trouble upon himself?
That is between you and the Eunuch Faction.
It has nothing to do with me.
Stay here and behave yourself.
Otherwise...
...I can deliver that executioner's blow to you at any time.
Wasn't Lord Meng your teacher?
Young Master.
I'm here to bring food.
Zhao Yun.
Xiao Bai.
Stop hiding.
I saw it all.
Since you are a Divine Physician...
...why don't you treat your own wound?
I'm not.
Why are you so honest?
I just don't want to lie to you.
Then who are you?
A prisoner.
I mean your name.
My name is Ye Li.
Ye as in willow leaf, Li as in propriety.
Why were you staring at me just now?
You look very much like a childhood friend of mine.
Your way of getting close to someone is really cliché.
Alright.
Thank you.
You must be hungry.
Eat something, quickly.
You are sick.
Cold disease.
You cough whenever you catch a chill.
It gets worse when it rains.
Just feeling cold all over.
It's nothing serious.
In the Manor...
...there's an Imperial Physician's prescription for cold disease.
I'll go get it for you.
An Imperial Palace prescription?
The Manor has such good things?
Of course.
The Manor Lord's connections are everywhere.
From imperial relatives to commoners.
He knows all secrets.
Hence, "All-Knowing".
How could it lack a prescription?
Murder!
Liu... Liu... Liu...
Master Liu is dead!